JUDY WOODRUFF: We want to
introduce you to Alonzo King, a
noted choreographer who believes
dance improves our spirits,
and that in turn has a
direct effect on our health.
Take a look.
ALONZO KING, Choreographer:
My name is Alonzo King.
I'm the artistic director
of Alonzo King LINES Ballet.
It's a San Francisco-based
international touring
ballet company.
We were invited to the Health
Festival here at Aspen, and
I brought four dancers from
the company to do a
demonstration and talk
about how health and
art are intertwined.
My mother took
dancing at university.
And when I was a kid, she would
show me things, and I had a
blast with intimacy with my mom.
Plus, I loved moving,
so I never stopped.
There is a triumvirate of
body/mind/soul that is in
a balancing act for health.
If something is imbalanced, then
it's with - - it's dis-eased.
The performance that we do here
on Friday is largely a lecture
demonstration, displaying
how dance is really ideas,
that it's thought made visible,
in the same way that music is
thought made audible.
Our hope is that the
mind will be stirred and
the heart will be moved.
And may argue with it.
You want them to hear it and
to have some response to it.
When I first began
dancing, I had no idea
that it was a profession.
I just knew that it
was an experience
that mad